docs: correct default application builder for new apps (#54386)
angular/angular: adev/src/content/tools/cli/build.md

> This page discusses usage and options of `@angular-devkit/build-angular:browser`.
> 
> The properties for the other builders are mostly the same. 
> For differences, see [`browser-esbuild` documentation](tools/cli/esbuild).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page discusses usage and options of `@angular-devkit/build-angular:application`.

```

Author: I've added a fixup with the suggested changes.
